we're both going to be disappointed did
you know this is the third time you've
been on the show on my birthday I
apologize
it's a horrible gift it's a nice gift
Abby Haley Kennedy got Marilyn Monroe
yeah and you get be like a hairy version
of Marilyn well happy birthday
give me advice I think class on my 50th
birthday you gave me some advice out
what's what should I expect that's all
or not you should wear your 5252 now yes
so you aren't things happening things
must be happening things are or more not
happening than happening yeah it's more
of a decline rather than because I get
like yes I know what you're talking
about doesn't happen but then things
happen more I get I get bruises now I
don't know what I did mystery bruised
yeah yeah yeah freaks me out cuz it's
either I'm bruising you know naturally
or I'm forgetting the injuries I do
you're probably not at this stage yet
but I keep a bruised journal you match
it up you monitor yourself yeah it's
very thorough I don't know it's weird
either it's it's either that or this
could be a possibility in my sleep my
wife is punching me that's entirely
possible possible
are you getting wiser or just more bruza
bull well I can't get Dumber I don't
think I can get Dumber I'm I'm quite
dumb I'm a for the amount of success
I've had
mm-hmm matching with my intelligence
it's like a degree of difficulty like in
a dive you beat the curve in any way I
try to read more you know okay well give
me a lot of people giving me um like
self-help books I got I got the Shonda
Rhimes won the year of yes uh-huh oh
yeah right yeah yeah she had help I read
that it was helpful until my other buddy
gave me the power of know like I leave
like the miracle of maybe what happens
oh you're still not on social media
right
I'm not how do you get I mean like it I
don't have a I don't have a talk show I
don't I mean I know you kind of have to
it comes with this but yeah you know do
you know I just feel people are so
concerned how many followers it's just
not healthy you know what Jesus had 12
followers he did okay
[Applause]
are you doing stand-up right now I do a
little bit you know I did a special
Netflix special last week right that was
great yeah and I loved doing it but the
downside of it for me is you kind of
have to retire that material right it
does yeah you don't have to but you
really should yeah so I don't do enough
stand-up now to generate new material
you know it's very come so slowly but
what happened the and I know a lot of
people come up and say true story true
story I'm telling you this is what
happened okay and it was two nights ago
in my dream I wrote a joke
I wrote a joke like I made something
happen and I made a comedic observation
in the dream you know it wasn't when you
wake up you find out well it's not
really that good but I think but here's
what happened in my dream and the only
reason I'm telling is because it
actually happened okay a guy was talking
to me and he said a sentence and he got
halfway through the sentence and then he
got distracted he had to leave and the
party got up to was he said and then I
had to borrow his anal and that he had
to leave okay and and so in my dream I
thought to myself if if you just heard
the beginning of that sentence and then
I had to borrow his and you made a top
10 list of the worst words you could put
after that huh yeah anal would be in
that top yeah well yeah sure probably I
almost feel guilty making them too
because I feel like I didn't write it I
mean I did write it but I don't have
anything to follow what is that first of
all if there is a sentence like that
mm-hmm borrowed is a weird word mm-hmm
if it's the if you're borrowing
something anal it's just like you know
what keep it I'm always talking because
it happened I wrote into my that has
happened to me many many times serious
and I keep a notepad next to my bed and
I swear to God
75% of time I cannot read what I wrote
down yes
it's just nonsense or is it's not as
funny as you thought or never funny yeah
or incomprehensible one of the two how's
your family doing family's good I got
you know one of the one of the boys
works here it's right yeah uh network so
yeah yes and he he's one of the twins
they're out of the house mm-hmm
the only one left in the house I have
four kids is my youngest my 19 year old
and he's I can't tell I can't tell if
he's like like the dumbest kid in the
world or I'm only saying that because he
might be the deepest I don't know all I
know is he says things I don't quite
know how to react to he like the other
day he went to some party and he came
home at 6:00 a.m. okay so I hear him so
I get up I go in the hallway I go Joe
you come home at 6:00 a.m. and he
doesn't say anything he just he keeps
walking in his bedroom and he looks and
he goes for now my mind
because I started thinking these right
time has no meaning
and I fell in like a rabbit hole I went
I I went into the bedroom and my wife
said you find out where he was I don't
like where are any of us you are here
Romano is here if they can prove it just
gonna want names from you accomplices
that's why you came a couple names you
go home keep your jobs what do you think
about that would you do that no give
them names no no names you know I don't
tell okay whether you get it or not
that makes no difference to me yeah I
know I'm here to defend you right right
what do you want like what no if I did
it is in the it's in the movies right
now and then it goes the Netflix at the
end of the month yes you are fantastic I
know you take no pleasure from any other
I hate myself well that's ridiculous
father never hugged me and I can't enjoy
anything well he would hug you right now
if he saw this movie and you have a big
part in the movie not a huge part I'm
I'm you know I made a lot of scenes but
I play the lawyer I play those teamster
lawyer so I'm there when he's at court
I'm there when he's here you know I'm
kind of just there you know yeah but I
mean that seizes your if this is it this
is the peak being in a Martin Scorsese
movie and with Robert De Niro and Al
Pacino there's nothing better than that
I don't know how it happened I'm still I
still think they can edit me out I think
you're in by the way yeah you're gonna
watch it on Netflix I'm yeah can I can I
plug a little bit sure another little
movie I made with Mark Duplass last year
that's on Netflix and it kind of gets
lost in the shuffle but it's a great
little movie too yeah yeah I'll take
paddle - yeah you're a very good actor
ray I know you don't like admitting that
but it is absolutely true we've
established that you're a great actor
what we're gonna test now is how great a
father you are okay because ray son Matt
works acting - your son's been working
here for how long do you know five six
six years I've been working here and I
feel at this point like maybe we know
him better than you do okay well he's
moved out of the house he didn't move
out of the house and then see him all
out here there he is you remember that
guy right there he wears that shirt
every day
those wearing that shirt because we're
Reyat I have a blindfold for you
so there's your blindfold now what's the
game put the blindfold on and I'm gonna
bring out four other people who also
work on the show and your job will be to
try it see if you can pick Matt out just
by feeling out of five people okay
there's gonna be five five yeah all
right this is uh you know in today's day
and age don't worry you're gonna sign
waivers everybody knows that they're
inter so put that on and we'll bring
everybody out I don't write them
beforehand all right bring the guys out
and I'm doing it backwards okay all
right all guys so don't worry about that
they are all there okay all right now
I'm gonna walk over here
[Applause]
all right okay this is some park you're
gonna you're not gonna dunk me in a in a
bucket of stuff nothing no nothing
nothing terrible is gonna happen okay
son number one step in front array are
we right here is introducing right in
front of you just feel them all right I
have permission to figure you know what
here's what we'll do
keep it safe first I'm gonna go by smell
I'm just gonna go okay
that's smart no should I make my no
don't guess yes number two number one
number one you step back there yes can I
can I lift them no it looks please do
not lift them we don't want you or them
to get hurt and your blindfold is
totally upside down you're gonna fix it
it's okay it doesn't matter cause you
can't see I don't like the chief I don't
want to cheat huh okay I do know one
thing about my son what he never cleaned
his ears
[Applause]
alright alright number two step to the
end of the line number three step
forward this is number three when I
would when I used to kiss my son he
would like you know pull back yeah I'm
not gonna do it okay yeah go number four
please how many more there's two more
this is number four oh and finally
number five number five
[Applause]
[Laughter]
number five II stay right there alright
ray what number is your son oh I'm gonna
go I should have done the height thing
right from the beginning I might be four
number four you say remove your
blindfold
[Music]
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I am not allowed
to eat this cookie until you click the
subscribe button so please click now I'm
hungry